This code calculates the cost of shipping a package using either ground shipping or drone shipping. It starts by asking the user to input the weight of their package in pounds, and then stores this value in the variable weight.

Next, the code calculates the cost of ground shipping by using a series of if statements to determine the cost based on the weight of the package. If the weight of the package is less than or equal to 2 pounds, the cost is calculated as $20.00 + 1.50 * weight$. If the weight of the package is greater than 2 pounds but less than or equal to 6 pounds, the cost is calculated as $20.00 + 3.00 * weight$. If the weight of the package is greater than 6 pounds but less than or equal to 10 pounds, the cost is calculated as $20.00 + 4.00 * weight$. For all other weights, the cost is calculated as $20.00 + 4.75 * weight$. The result is stored in the variable ground_shipping_cost.

The code then calculates the cost of drone shipping in a similar way, using a series of if statements to determine the cost based on the weight of the package. If the weight of the package is less than or equal to 2 pounds, the cost is calculated as $0.00 + 4.50 * weight$. If the weight of the package is greater than 2 pounds but less than or equal to 6 pounds, the cost is calculated as $0.00 + 9.00 * weight$. If the weight of the package is greater than 6 pounds but less than or equal to 10 pounds, the cost is calculated as $0.00 + 12.00 * weight$. For all other weights, the cost is calculated as $0.00 + 14.25 * weight$. The result is stored in the variable drone_shipping_cost.

Finally, the code determines the cheapest shipping method by comparing the costs of ground shipping and drone shipping. If ground shipping is cheaper and the cost is less than $125.00, the cheapest method is ground shipping. If drone shipping is cheaper and the cost is less than $125.00, the cheapest method is drone shipping. Otherwise, the cheapest method is ground shipping premium, which has a fixed cost of $125.00. The code then prints the result using a formatted string, which includes the name of the cheapest shipping method and the cost to ship the package.
